---
name: tataku-processor-eta
description: The processor module for tataku.vim
---

=pod

=head1 tataku-processor-eta X<tataku-processor-eta>

The processor module using eta template engine.

=head2 Contents X<tataku-processor-eta-contents>

=over 0

=item * L<Dependencies|tataku-processor-eta-dependencies>

=item * L<Options|tataku-processor-eta-options>

=item * L<Samples|tataku-processor-eta-samples>

=back

=head2 Dependencies X<tataku-processor-eta-dependencies>

This plugin needs:

=over 0

=item * L<denops.vim|https://github.com/vim-denops/denops.vim>

=item * L<tataku.vim|https://github.com/Omochice/tataku.vim>

=back

=head2 Options X<tataku-processor-eta-options>

This module has some options.

=over 0

=item * C<type> X<tataku-processor-eta-options-type>

  Template rendering type.
  C<"direct"> use L<tataku-processor-eta-options-template> as template string.
  C<"file"> use L<tataku-processor-eta-options-templateDirectory> and
  L<tataku-processor-eta-options-templateFileName> as template file.

=item * C<template> X<tataku-processor-eta-options-template>

  Template string.
  It use only when specify L<tataku-processor-eta-options-type> is C<"direct">.

=item * C<templateDirectory> X<tataku-processor-eta-options-templateDirectory>

  Path to directory that has template files.
  It use only when specify L<tataku-processor-eta-options-type> is C<"file">.

=item * C<templateFileName> X<tataku-processor-eta-options-templateFileName>

  Template file name.
  It use only when specify L<tataku-processor-eta-options-type> is C<"file">.

=back

=head2 Predefined variales X<tataku-processor-eta-predefined_variables>

When render template string, this module provide some predefined variables.

They are able to be used as C<it> object.

=over 0

=item * C<content> X<tataku-processor-eta-options-context-content>

  String that processed before this module.

=item * C<fletype> X<tataku-processor-eta-options-context-filetype>

  Filetype string of buffer that executed tataku.

=item * C<mode> X<tataku-processor-eta-options-context-mode>

  Current vim type, C<"vim"> or C<"nvim">.

=back

=head2 Samples X<tataku-processor-eta-samples>

=begin vim

let g:tataku_recipes = #{
  \   sample: #{
  \     processor: #{
  \       name: 'eta',
  \       options: #{
  \         type: 'direct',
  \         template: '<%= it.content %> <%= it.filetype =>',
  \       },
  \     }
  \   }
  \ }

=end vim

=cut
